hi I'm Chuck Hawley and this is a two
minute West Marine buyer's guide to foul
weather gear you know whether you call
them slickers or wet weather gear or
foul e's the idea is the same you want
to be protected from wind and spray and
rain when you're on the water and
possibly from inclement weather when
you're on the land let's look at five
different categories of foul weather
gear to find out which one's best for
you anglers have special needs for foul
weather gear because of the scales and
the blood and the slime that comes with
fishing they need easy to clean foul
weather gear that's usually made from a
PVC coated fabric most boating is done
in pretty Pleasant conditions with
occasional rain showers maybe a little
spray or some strong wind
that's where lightweight inshore foul
weather gear is ideal it's flexible and
it's really comfortable but it still
protects you from the spray and it
actually makes a good wind proof jacket
when you're on shore dinghy and one
design sailors have a need for a hundred
percent waterproof foul weather gear but
they don't actually have the need for
things like hoods and pockets the gear
has to be waterproof breathable and
reinforced in the corners so that they
don't burn through the knees or through
the seat of the pants for coastal
cruising or racing you need gear that
you can live in for days at a time that
requires a high collar a nice hood with
good protection good closures around the
wrists and around the ankles and
reinforcements to make sure that you're
comfortable for long periods of time
finally for passage makers and ocean
racers that go long distances offshore
we have ocean and offshore class gear
this gear is designed to be lived in for
maybe up two weeks at a time it has the
ultimate in protection with tall callers
complete hoods lots of pockets the most
durable fabric and reinforcements all
over ocean and offshore gear is your
best bet for extended ocean passages
while there's a lot of great gear to
choose from you can find the right gear
for you by selecting from these five
categories you'll find an excellent
selection of foul weather gear at most
west marine stores and an extensive
selection online at West Marine comm